Pop. Six. 
Squish. Uh-uh. 
Cicero. 
Lipschitz. 
He had it coming He had it coming 
He only had himself to blame 
If you'd been there If you'd seen it 
I betcha you would have done the same 
Pop. Six. 
Squish. Uh-uh. 
Cicero. Lipschitz! 
Pop. Six. 
Squish. Uh-uh. 
Cicero. Lipschitz! 
You know how people have these little habits that get you down? 
Like Bernie. Bernie liked to chew gum. 
No, not chew. Pop. 
So I came home this one day, and I am really irritated... 
and I'm looking for a little bit of sympathy, and there's Bernie... 
lying on the couch, drinking a beer and chewing. 
No, not chewing. Poping. 
So, I said to him, I said, "You pop that gum one more time..." 
And he did. So I took the shotgun off the wall... 
and I fired two warning shots into his head. 
He had it coming He had it coming 
He only had himself to blame 
If you'd been there If you'd heard it 
I betcha you would have done the same 
I met Ezekiel Young from Salt Lake City about two years ago... 
and he told me he was single, and we hit it off right away. 
So we started living together. He'd go to work, he'd come home. 
I'd fix him a drink, we'd have dinner. 
And then I found out. 
"Single" he told me? Single my ass. 
Not only was he married, no, he had six wives. 
One of those Mormons, you know. 
So that night when he came home from work... 
I fixed him his drink as usual. 
You know, some guys just can't hold their arsenic. 
He had it coming He had it coming 
He took a flower in its prime 
And then he used it And he abused it 
It was a murder but not a crime 
Now, I'm standing in the kitchen carving up a chicken for dinner... 
minding my own business. In storms my husband Wilbur, in a jealous rage. 
You been screwing the milkman, he says. He was crazy. 
And he kept on screaming. You been screwing the milkman! 
And then he ran into my knife. He ran into my knife 1O times. 
If you'd been there If you'd seen it 
I betcha you would have done the same 
Yeah, but did you do it? 
Uh-uh, not guilty! 
He had it coming 
My sister Veronica and I had this double act... 
and my husband, Charlie, traveled around with us. 
For the last number in our act, we did this twenty acrobatic tricks in a row. 
One, two, three, four, five. 
Splits, spread eagles, back flips, flip flops, one right after the other. 
So this one night before the show we're down at the hotel Cicero... 
the three of us boozing and havin' a few laughs... 
and we ran out of ice, so I go out to get some. 
I come back, open the door... 
and there's Veronica and Charlie doing number seventeen... 
the spread eagle. 
Well, I was in such a state of shock. I completely blacked out. 
I can't remember a thing. 
It wasn't until later, when I was washing the blood off my hands... 
I even knew they were dead. 
They had it coming They had it coming 
They had it coming all along 
I didn't do it She didn't do it 
But if I'd done it But if she'd done it 
How could you tell me that I was wrong? 
They had it coming They had it coming 
They had it coming They had it coming 
They had it coming all along 
I didn't do it But if I'd done it 
How could you tell me that I was wrong? 
I loved Alvin Lipschitz more than I can possibly say. 
He was a real artistic guy, sensitive, a painter. 
But he was always trying to find himself. 
He'd go out every night looking for himself and, on the way... 
he found Ruth, Gladys, Rosemary... 
and Irving. 
I guess you could say we broke up because of artistic differences. 
He saw himself as alive, and I saw him dead. 
The dirty bum, bum bum, bum, bum 
The dirty bum, bum bum, bum, bum 
They had it comin' They had it comin' 
They had it comin' They had it comin' 
They had it comin' They had it coming all along 
'Cause if they used us and they abused us 
How could you tell us that we were wrong? 
He had it coming He had it coming 
He only had himself to blame 
If you had been there If you had seen it 
I betcha you would have done the same 
You pop that gum one more time... Ten times. 
Number seventeen, the spread eagle. Artistic differences. 
Pop. 
Six. 
Squish. 
Uh-uh. 
Cicero. 
Lipschitz. 
Who belongs to them? What is it to you? 
Nothing, I heard they were Velma's. 
Yeah, the Hunyak does all her laundry for a buck a week. 
Fresh towels for the can. Make it quick. 
Hear me out on this. 
Now Billy Flynn's set your trial date for March fifth. 
March seventh you'll be acquitted. March eighth, you know what Mama's gonna do? 
Gonna put you back on vaudeville. So now you're an agent too? 
Well, dearie, until Ma Bell installs a private line in your cell... 
...all calls are gonna go through me. What dough are we talking about? 
You know, it 's a crazy world. 
I mean, Babe Ruth is wearing rouge and playing the Palace for five thousand  a week. 
Yeah. And what about someone with real talent? 
Well, I been talking to the boys over William Morris. 
And due to your recent activities, they think they can get you twenty five hundred. 
twenty five hundred? Jeez, the most me and Veronica ever made was three fifty. 
Well, that 's what happens when you have the right representation. 
You know what, Mama, I always wanted to play Big Jim Colisimo's. 
Do you think you could get me that? Big Jim's? 
Jeez, I don't know. It 's gonna take another phone call. 
How much is that gonna cost? Come on, Vel. 
I feel about you. You're like family to me. You're like one of my own. 
I'll do it for fifty bucks. Fifty bucks for a phone call? 
You must have got a lot of wrong numbers, Mama. 
Miss Kelly, got your personals. Freshly pressed by yours truly. 
No, no. It 's my pleasure. 
Hey, listen. Can I ask you something? 
You know that Harrison guy? He said that what I done is a hanging case... 
and that he's prepared to ask for the maximum penalty. 
Yeah? So? So, I'm scared. 
I sure would appreciate some advice, I mean, especially from... 
someone I admire as much as you. I always wanted to be on the stage. 
Really? What 's your talent? Washing and drying? 
No, no, no. I danced in a chorus. 
That was before I met my husband. Look, honey, you want some advice? 
Here it is, direct from me to you. Keep your paws off my underwear, okay? 
Yeah, okay. 
Thanks... 
...for nothing. She's something, ain't she? 
I tell you, no matter how big she gets, she's still as common as ever. 
I'd like to help you, dearie. 
Take a load off. 
So, what do you figure on using for grounds? 
Grounds? What are you gonna tell the jury? 
I figure I'd tell them the truth. The truth? 
One-way ticket to the death house. Holy mother of God. 
Relax. I mean, in this town, murder is a form of entertainment. 
Besides, in forty seven years Cook County ain't never hung a woman yet. 
So the odds are forty seven to one that they won't hang you. 
Jesus Mary Joseph. 
You're talkin' to the wrong people. What you need is Billy Flynn. 
Who? Billy Flynn. 
He's only the best criminal lawyer in all of Illinois. 
Tell me what he don't know about juries and women. 
How do you get this Billy Flynn? Well, not by praying, deary. 
First, you give me a hundred dollars. Then I'll make a phone call. 
A hundred dollars? Well, you just... 
I mean, it seems pretty stiff for a phone call. 
But it 's worth every cent. 
I mean, he's never lost a case for a female client yet. 
And with a sweet little puss like yours, well... 
let 's just say justice ain't so blind in Chicago. 
He's never lost a case? Never. 
Every girl in this place would kill to have Billy Flynn representing them. 
We want Billy 
B-l-DOUBLE L-Y 
We're all his 
He's our kind of a guy 
And what luck 
'Cause here he is 
Ladies and gentlemen, presenting the silver tongue, the prince. 
The one, the only. 
Billy Flynn! 
I don't care about expensive things 
Cashmere coats, diamond rings 
don't mean a thing All I care about is love 
That's what he's here for 
I don't care for wearing silk cravats 
Ruby studs, satin spats 
Don't mean a thing All I care about is love 
All he cares about is love 
Give me two eyes of blue 
...softly saying I need you 
Let me see her standin' there 
and honest, mister, I'm a millionaire 
I don't care for any fine attire 
Vanderbilt might admire 
No, no, not me All I care about is love 
All he cares about is love 
Good morning, ladies. Not guilty! 
You tell him, sweetheart. 
That's what he's here for 
Excuse me. Do you remember anything at all about that night? 
I passed out completely, Miss Sunshine. I can't remember a thing. 
Only that I didn't do it. Any idea who did, dear? 
No. But my client offers a reward to anyone with information about it. 
How much is the reward, Miss Kelly? I don't know, how much? 
We'll work it out after the trial. Now, if there are no more questions... 
Miss Kelly and I have a lot of work to do. 
What's all this about a reward? 
Dumb reporters. They'll write it up wrong, you deny the whole thing later. 
Thank you! One more question... 
All he cares about is love 
Mr. Flynn, I'm Roxie Hart. Who? 
Mama talked to you about me. Yeah, right, right. The cute one. 
I was hoping you might represent me. You have five thousand dollars? 
That 's a lot of money. 
Mama didn't say anything about five thousand dollars. 
Look, Mr. Flynn... I'm not very good at this sort of thing, but... 
maybe we could make some sort of arrangement between us. 
And I can be an awfully good sport. 
Good, you got that out of your system. Now listen... 
you mean just one thing to me. You call me when you got five thousand dollars. 
All he cares about is love 
Show me long raven hair 
flowin' down, about to there 
When I see her runnin' free 
keep your money that's enough for me 
I don't care for driving Packard cars 
or smoking long buck cigars 
No, no, not me 
All I care about is doin' the guy in 
who's picking on you 
Twisting the wrist that's turning the screw 
All I care about 
is love 
He'll see you now. 
Well, hello, Andy. Amos, my name is Amos. 
That 's right. Take a seat. 
You know, you're a remarkable man. 
Your wife two-times you, plugs the guy and then tries to pin it on you. 
Most men would let a dame like that swing. But no, you're sticking by her. 
Makes you a hero in my eyes. That's right. I'm a hero. 
Did you bring the money? 
I didn't do as well as I hoped, but... 
I will, Mr. Flynn. I will. 
This is only a thousand. Plus there's tree hundred I borrowed... 
from the guys down at the garage, and there's seven hundred... 
...from the building and loan fund. Two thousand? 
And that 's all I got so far. 
But I'll give you twenty dollars off my salary every week. 
I'll give you notes with interest. Double, triple, until it 's paid. 
You came to me yesterday, I didn't ask you if she's guilty or innocent. 
I didn't ask you if she was drunk or a dope fiend, no! 
All I said was, "Do you have five thousand dollars?" You said yes! 
But you don't have five thousand dollars! 
So I figure you're a dirty liar and I don't waste my time with dirty liars! 
Look... 
I'm real sorry, Mr. Flynn. 
On the other hand, your devotion to your wife is really very touching. 
I'll take your wife's case. And I'll keep it. 
Because I play square. 
Now look, I don't like to blow my own horn... 
but believe me. If Jesus Christ had lived in Chicago today... 
and if he had five thousand dollars and had come to me... 
things would have turned out differently. 
All right, this is what we're gonna do. By the end of the week... 
I'm gonna have Roxie's name on every newspaper in town. 
Sweetest little jazz killer ever to hit Chicago. That's the angle I'm after. 
You make an announcement, we're gonna have an auction! 
Tell them we gotta raise some money for her defense. 
They'll buy everything she's ever touched. Everything. 
Your shoes, your dresses, your perfumes, your underwear. 
And Victrola records. Like the one I was playing when I shot the bastard. 
I didn't hear that. Not that I didn't have grounds. 
Hey, what are they? That 's for when we go to trial. 
Nobody is gonna care a lick what your defense is unless they care about you. 
So the first thing we gotta do is work up some sympathy from the press. 
And they are not all pushovers like Mary Sunshine. 
But there's one thing they can never resist. 
And that is a reformed sinner. 
Right. So tell me, what was your favorite subject in school? 
I was a real dummy. Come on. There must be something. 
I got high marks in Courtesy and Hygiene. 
Perfect, you wanted to be a nun. 
A nun? Where were you born? 
On a chicken farm outside of Lubbock. 
Beautiful Southern home, filled with every luxury and refinement. 
Where are your parents now? Probably in their rocking chairs. 
They're dead. Family fortune was swept away. 
You're educated at Sacred Heart. 
Then you fell into a runaway marriage. Left you miserable, alone, unhappy. 
Of course, you got all swept up in the mad whirl of the city. 
Jazz, cabarets, liquor. You were drawn like a moth to the flame. 
A moth? And now the mad whirl had ceased... 
and you're a butterfly. Crushed on a wheel! 
Which is it? Is it the moth or the butterfly? 
You have sinned and you're sorry! God, that 's beautiful! 
Cut out God. Stay where you're better acquainted. 
Kid, when I'm through with you, not only will you be acquitted... 
every man on that jury will wanna take you home to meet his mother. 
I was born on a beautiful Southern convent. 
What? 
Holy shit! I'll never gonna get this straight! 
Pipe down the swearing. Look, from here on in... 
you say nothing rougher than Oh, dear. Now try again. 
I was born on... 
Come on, come on. 
So I came up with some more things to do on the witness stand. 
I thought I'd get all teary-eyed and ask for your handkerchief. 
Then I thought I'd take a peek at the jury like this... 
and flash them a bit of thigh, huh? What do you think? 
Sounds great. 
Hey, don't you wanna hear the rest? Tomorrow, kiddo. 
You're at the top of my list. 
Well, well, well. Sorry to be late, Mr. Flynn. 
Hope you aren't too bored. 
I like it. 
I like it. 
Hey, Pollyanna, I heard your press conference is tomorrow. 
Yeah, what is it to you? Well, you wanted my advice, right? 
Here it is, don't forget Billy Flinn's number-one client is Billy Flynn. 
Meaning what? 
Meaning, don't let him hog the spotlight. 
You're the one they paid to see. 
Now remember, we can only sell them one idea at a time. 
I can still see him coming at me with that awful look in his eyes. 
And? And we... both reached for the gun. 
That 's right, you both reached for the gun. Ready? 
Yeah. 
Thank you, gentlemen, gentlemen, Miss Sunshine. 
My client 's just entered the plea of not guilty. 
We look forward to a trial at the earliest possible date. Any questions? 
Miss Sunshine. As you know, my paper is dry. 
Do you have any advice for girls, to avoid the life of jazz... 
...and drink? Absolutely, yes. Mrs. Hart feels that... 
it was the tragic combination of liquor and jazz which lead to... 
...her downfall. Next question, please. Ladies and gentlemen... 
I'd just like to say how flattered I am that you all came to see me. 
Yeah, Mrs. Hart is very... You see, I was a moth... 
crushed on the wheel. You know, a butterfly drawn to the... 
I bet you wanna know why I shot the bastard. 
Shut up, dummy. 
Mr. Billy Flynn in The Press Conference Rag. 
Notice how his mouth never moves... almost. 
Where'd you come from? Mississippi 
And your parents? Very wealthy 
Where are they now? Six feet under 
But she was granted one more start. 
The convent of The Sacred Heart 
When you get here? Nineteen twenty 
How old were you? 
Don't remember Then what happened? 
I met Amos, and he stole my heart away 
Convinced me to elope one day 
You poor dear, I can't believe what you've been through. 
A convent girl, a runaway marriage. Now tell us, Roxie. 
Who's Fred Casely? My ex-boyfriend 
Why'd you shoot him? I was leaving 
Was he angry? Like a madman 
Still I said, Fred, move along She knew that she was doin' wrong 
Then describe it He came toward me 
With a pistol? From my bureau 
Did you fight him? Like a tiger 
He had strength and she had none 
And yet we both reached for the gun 
Yes, yes, yes, we both Yes, we both 
Yes, we both reached for the gun The gun, the gun, the gun 
Yes, we both reached for the gun For the gun 
Yes, yes, yes, they both Yes, they both 
Yes, they both reached for the gun The gun, the gun, the gun 
Yes, they both reached for the gun For the gun 
Understandable Understandable 
Yes, it's perfectly understandable 
Comprehensible Comprehensible 
Not a bit reprehensible 
It's so defensible 
How're you feeling? Very frightened 
Are you sorry? Are you kidding? 
What's your statement? All I'd say is 
Though my choo-choo jumped the track I'd give my life to bring him back 
And? Stay away from 
What? Jazz and liquor 
And? And the men who 
What? Play for fun 
And what? That's the thought that 
...came upon me When? 
When we both reached for the gun 
Understandable Understandable 
Yes, it's perfectly understandable 
Comprehensible Comprehensible 
Not a bit reprehensible 
It's so defensible 
Yes, yes, yes, they both 
Yes, they both Yes, they both reached for 
Let me hear it! The gun, the gun, the gun, the gun 
Yes, they both reached for the gun For the gun 
A little louder! Yes, yes, yes, they both 
Yes, they both Yes, they both 
For the gun, the gun, the gun Yes, they both reached for the gun 
Now you got it! 
Yes, yes, yes, they both Yes, they both 
Yes, they both reached for the gun The gun, the gun, the gun 
Yes, they both reached for the gun For the gun 
Yes, yes, yes, they both Yes, they both 
Yes, they both reached for the gun The gun, the gun, the gun 
The gun, the gun, the gun 
Both reached for the 
gun 
Move over Al Capone, the Windy City has taken a new criminal to its heart. 
The name on everybody's lips is Roxie Hart. 
The sweetest little lady ever accused of murder in Chicago. 
Women wanna look like her. Fellows wanna go out with her. 
Some little girls even wanna take her home. Don't get any ideas, lady. 
On the other side of town, the D.A. Promises the little sharpshooter... 
will swing before the year is out. 
Who knows? If he lives up to his word assistant D.A. Harrison... 
might become governor Harrison someday. 
At the scene of the crime, everybody wants a little piece of Roxie Hart. 
This jar of cold cream set her husband back 20 dollars! 
Maybe this pretty little lady would get some of that famous Roxie style. 
It seems everybody these days is rooting for Roxie Hart. 
Take those flowers to the orphanage, make sure they know who sent them. 
So, kiddo, given any thought to what you wanna do after Billy get you off? 
Yeah, I think I'd like to go on stage. I figured as much. 
I already called the Morris office. Really? How much is that gonna cost? 
A fairly deal, ten percent of all your takings. 
Yeah, we'll see, Mama. Besides, I don't even have an act yet. 
Killing Fred Casely was your act. It 's all the stiffs in the audience want... 
...to say they saw somebody famous. That 's a freak act. 
And besides, I am better than that. 
Of course you are, cupcake. I mean, you could be as big as Sophie Tucker. 
You really think so? Bigger than Cantor and Jolson. 
You know, I always wanted to have my name in all the papers. 
Before I met Amos, I used to date this well-to-do ugly bootlegger. 
He used to take me out and show me off. Ugly guys like to do that. 
Once it said in the paper, "Gangland's Al Capelli seen at Chez Vito... 
with cute blonde chorine." That was me. 
I clipped and I saved it. 
You know, all my life I wanted to have my own act. 
But no, no, no, always no. They always turned me down. 
One big world full of no. 
And then Amos came along. 
Safe, sweet Amos. 
Who never says no. 
I've never done this before. 
But it 's such a special night and you are such a great audience! 
And I just, I really feel like I can talk to you, you know. 
Forget what you've read in the papers and what you've heard on the radio! 
Because, because... because I'm gonna tell you the truth. 
Not that the truth really matters. 
But I'm gonna tell you anyway. 
On the bed department, Amos was... zero. 
I mean, when he made love to me, it was like... 
it was like he was fixing a carburetor or something. 
I love you, honey. I love you. 
Anyway, I started fooling around. 
And then I started screwing around. 
Which is fooling around without dinner. 
Then I met Fred Casely, who said that he could get me into vaudeville. 
But that didn't quite work out like I planned. 
I guess it didn't really work out too great for Fred either. 
So I gave up on the whole vaudeville idea. 
Because you got to figure after all those years... 
opportunities just passed you by. 
But it ain't No, no, no, well, it ain't 
And now? Well, if this Flynn guy gets me off... 
and with all this publicity... 
I got me a world full of yes! 
The name on everybody's lips is gonna be Roxie 
The lady raking in the chips is gonna be Roxie 
I'm gonna be a celebrity 
That means, somebody everyone knows 
They're gonna recognize my eyes, my hair 
my teeth, my boobs, my nose 
From just some dumb mechanic's wife I'm gonna be Roxie 
Who says that murder's not an art? 
And who in case she doesn't hang 
can say she started with a bang? 
Roxie Hart 
